bootloader: provision: Implement invalidation of public keys (#1399)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: samples/bootloader/README.rst

     This metadata contains the full public key corresponding to the private key that was used to sign the firmware.
     The bootloader sample checks the public key against a set of provisioned keys.
     Note that to save space, only the hashes of the provisioned keys are stored, and only the hashes of the keys are compared.
     If the public key in the metadata matches one of the valid provisioned public key hashes, the image is considered valid.
     All public key hashes at lower indices than the matching hash are permanently invalidated at this point, which means that images can no longer be validated with those public keys.
     For example, if an image is successfully validated with the public key at index 2, the public keys 0 and 1 are invalidated.
     If the public key does not match any of the still valid provisioned hashes, validation fails.

>      This mechanism can be used to decommission broken keys.

Reviewer: What mechanism are you referring to? Making validation fail? Or the full concept of keys being invalidated?
If the latter, this sentence should be moved one line up.

Author: The full concept. Will move the sentence

     This metadata contains the full public key corresponding to the private key that was used to sign the firmware.
     The bootloader sample checks the public key against a set of provisioned keys.
     Note that to save space, only the hashes of the provisioned keys are stored, and only the hashes of the keys are compared.

>      If the public key in the metadata matches one of the provisioned public key hashes that are still valid, the image is considered valid.

Reviewer 2: `... matches one of the ... that are ` -> `that is` ? 

 I'm not good at this, but could be something.

Author: "are" refers to public key hashes (plural) so I think "are" is correct.

>      All public key hashes before the matching hash are permanently invalidated at this point, meaning images can no longer be validated with those public keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     All public key hashes at lower indexes than the matching hash are permanently invalidated at this point, meaning images can no longer be validated with those public keys.
```

Reviewer 2: Storing something `before` something else is not quite clear to me. Do we explain somewhere the order in which these keys are stored?

Author: Good idea, done. There is something about ordering in Kconfig help text for SB_PUBLIC_KEY_FILES.

     E.g. if an image is successfully validated with the public key at index 2, public keys 0 and 1 are invalidated.

>      If the public key does not match any of the still valid provisioned hashes, validation fails.

Reviewer 2: Should we point out here that this is a way of invalidating a broken key?

Author: Good idea. Added a sentence.
